Pyrogram v2.2.10
==================


Scheme layer used: 201
---------

- Renamed the field ``paid_message_star_count`` to ``paid_star_count`` in the :obj:`~pyrogram.types.Message`, containing the number of Telegram Stars that were paid to send the message.
- Added the classes :obj:`~pyrogram.types.PaidMessagePriceChanged` and :obj:`~pyrogram.types.PaidMessagesRefunded` and the fields ``paid_message_price_changed`` and ``paid_messages_refunded`` to the :obj:`~pyrogram.types.Message`, describing the appropriate service message.
- Added the :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.get_business_account_star_balance`, allowing bots to check the current Telegram Star balance of a managed business account.
- Added the :obj:`~pyrogram.types.BusinessBotRights` and replaced the field ``can_reply`` with the field ``rights`` of the type :obj:`~pyrogram.types.BusinessBotRights` in the :obj:`~pyrogram.types.BusinessConnection`.
- View `new and changed <https://telegramplayground.github.io/TG-APIs/TL/diff/tdlib.html?from=200&to=201>`__ `raw API methods <https://telegramplayground.github.io/TG-APIs/TL/diff/tdesktop.html?from=200&to=201>`__.

Scheme layer used: 200
---------

- Added ``sizes`` to :obj:`~pyrogram.types.Photo` to return all available sizes.
- Add :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.send_screenshot_notification`.
- Add ``media`` in :obj:`~pyrogram.types.ExternalReplyInfo`.
- Add :obj:`~pyrogram.enums.MessageOriginType` as enum instead of str, and updated the appropriate filters.
- Document about `the issue #161 <https://github.com/TelegramPlayGround/PyroTGFork/issues/161>`__.
- Make `User.block/unblock/get_common_chats async <https://github.com/KurimuzonAkuma/pyrogram/commit/7cab86a9eee4bd57ac96a1713f9bd37a7fc0ac09>`__, `Fix examples <https://github.com/KurimuzonAkuma/pyrogram/commit/f7f83de4331d6358332dbd0458755e28d59ec0f0>`__ and `Fix docs <https://github.com/KurimuzonAkuma/pyrogram/commit/f98b92765634f862310b21783b186fce66877a24>`__.
- Try to return the service message (when applicable) in the method :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.set_chat_title`.
- Added :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.delete_chat_history`.
