Pyrogram v2.2.13
==================


Scheme layer used: 205
---------

- Added the :obj:`~pyrogram.types.ChecklistTask` representing a task in a checklist.
- Added the :obj:`~pyrogram.types.Checklist` representing a checklist.
- Added the :obj:`~pyrogram.types.InputChecklistTask` representing a task to add to a checklist.
- Added the :obj:`~pyrogram.types.InputChecklist` representing a checklist to create.
- Added the field ``checklist`` to the :obj:`~pyrogram.types.Message` and :obj:`~pyrogram.types.ExternalReplyInfo`, describing a checklist in a message.
- Added the :obj:`~pyrogram.types.ChecklistTasksDone` and the field ``checklist_tasks_done`` to the :obj:`~pyrogram.types.Message`, describing a service message about status changes for tasks in a checklist (i.e., marked as done/not done).
- Added the :obj:`~pyrogram.types.ChecklistTasksAdded` and the field ``checklist_tasks_added`` to the :obj:`~pyrogram.types.Message`, describing a service message about the addition of new tasks to a checklist.
- Added the :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.send_checklist`, allowing bots to send a checklist on behalf of a business account.
- Added the :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.edit_message_checklist`, allowing bots to edit a checklist on behalf of a business account.
- Added the :obj:`~pyrogram.types.DirectMessagePriceChanged` and the field ``direct_message_price_changed`` to the :obj:`~pyrogram.types.Message`, describing a service message about a price change for direct messages sent to the channel chat.
- `Fix conditions for recover_gaps <https://github.com/KurimuzonAkuma/pyrogram/commit/b59ae77>`__.
- Added ``reply_parameters`` in :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.forward_messages`.
- Increased the maximum number of options in a poll to 12.
- View `new and changed <https://telegramplayground.github.io/TG-APIs/TL/diff/tdlib.html?from=202&to=205>`__ `raw API methods <https://telegramplayground.github.io/TG-APIs/TL/diff/tdesktop.html?from=202&to=205>`__. 
